ROX#23461: Change or add links for support matrix and support policy (#74621)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/acs-cloud-requirements.adoc

These processors were released in 2011.
====

To install {product-title-managed-short}, you must have one of the following systems:

* {ocp} version {ocp-supported-version} or later, and cluster nodes with a supported operating system of {op-system-first} or {op-system-base-full}
* A supported managed Kubernetes platform, and cluster nodes with a supported operating system of Amazon Linux, CentOS, Container-Optimized OS from Google, {op-system-first}, Debian, {op-system-base-full}, or Ubuntu
+
For information about supported platforms and architecture, see the link:https://access.redhat.com/articles/7045053[{product-title} Support Matrix].

The following minimum requirements apply to cluster nodes:

* *Architecture*: Supported architectures are `amd64`, `ppc64le`, or `s390x`.
+
[NOTE]
====
Secured cluster services are supported on {ibm-power} (`ppc64le`), {ibm-z} (`s390x`), and {ibm-linuxone} (`s390x`) clusters.
====
* *Processor*: 3 CPU cores are required.
* *Memory*: 6 GiB of RAM is required.
+
[NOTE]
====
See the default memory and CPU requirements for each component and ensure that the node size can support them.
====

> * *Persistent volume claim (PVC)*: A PVC is strongly recommended on the secured clusters where Scanner V4 is enabled. Use Solid-State Drives (SSDs) for best performance. However, you can use another storage type if you do not have SSDs available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Storage*: A persistent volume claim (PVC) is strongly recommended on secured clusters where Scanner V4 is enabled. Use solid-state drives (SSDs) for best performance. However, you can use another storage type if you do not have SSDs available.
```

Optional suggestion to consider: I wonder if definition lists or a table would be clearer than the current formatting.

+
[IMPORTANT]
====
You must not use Ceph FS storage with {product-title-managed-short}. Red{nbsp}Hat recommends using RBD block mode PVCs for {product-title}.
====

> To install using Helm charts:

Reviewer: Please make this a complete sentence with additional context, if possible. Suggestion to consider:

```suggestion
If you plan to install {product-title-managed-short} by using Helm charts, you must meet the following requirements:
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * cloud_service/acscs-default-requirements.adoc
:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="acs-cloud-requirements_{context}"]
= General requirements for RHACS Cloud Service

[role="_abstract"]

> {product-title-managed} has some system requirements that must be met before you can install it.

Reviewer: Suggestion for minimalism (take or leave):

```suggestion
Before you can install {product-title-managed}, your system must meet several requirements.
```

[WARNING]
====
You must not install {product-title-managed-short} on:

* Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS). Use the Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) with the default *gp2* volume type instead.
* Older CPUs that do not have the Streaming SIMD Extensions (SSE) 4.2 instruction set.
For example, Intel processors older than _Sandy Bridge_ and AMD processors older than _Bulldozer_.

> (These processors were released in 2011.)

Reviewer: +1

> (These processors were released in 2011.)

Author: This was copied from another (existing) module without editing, but I can make this and the other changes.

> (These processors were released in 2011.)

Reviewer 2: Thanks, Kerry! Pan is also doing a review since I'm still new at this.

====

To install {product-title-managed-short}, you must have one of the following systems:

* {ocp} version {ocp-supported-version} or later, and cluster nodes with a supported operating system of {op-system-first} or {op-system-base-full}.

> * a supported managed Kubernetes platform, and cluster nodes with a supported operating system of Amazon Linux, CentOS, Container-Optimized OS from Google, {op-system-first}, Debian, {op-system-base-full}, or Ubuntu.

Reviewer: +1 to Audrey's comment, but I'd also remove the periods at the end of each line, [per the ISG](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=format-lists#punctuation-in-lists). (Alternatively, you can make them into complete sentences.)

> Write lists so that all or none of the items start with complete sentences. If list items comprise only complete sentences, include a period after each sentence. Except in definition lists, do not include any end punctuation if list items comprise only sentence fragments.
>
> If a list contains list items that start with sentence fragments, and one or more of the fragments are followed by complete sentences, include periods after all sentence fragments and sentences.

+
For information about supported platforms and architecture, see the link:https://access.redhat.com/articles/7045053[{product-title} Support Matrix].

Cluster nodes minimum requirements:

> 

Reviewer 2: Consider making the lead-in wording more clear, perhaps by saying something like, "The following minimum requirements apply to cluster nodes:" 

The [IBM Style Guide](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=format-lists#lead-in-wording) refers to this structure as more conducive to ease of translation: "**Translation consideration**: To avoid possible translation problems, use complete sentences to introduce lists and not phrases."

Reviewer: +1. As a bonus, it would be parallel in construction to "To install RHACS Cloud Service, you must have one of the following systems:"

* *Architecture*: `amd64`, `ppc64le`, or `s390x`
+
[NOTE]
====
Secured cluster services are supported on {ibm-power} (`ppc64le`), {ibm-z} (`s390x`), and {ibm-linuxone} (`s390x`) clusters.
====
* *Processor*: 3 CPU cores
* *Memory*: 6 GiB of RAM
+
[NOTE]
====
See the default memory and CPU requirements for each component and ensure that the node size can support them.
====

> Persistent storage by using persistent volume claim (PVC). A PVC is strongly recommended on the secured clusters where Scanner V4 is enabled.

Reviewer 2: Should this be a list item (line 44)?

Author: good question.... I think this needs some slight rewriting.

Reviewer: +1, and a question: Are PVCs required (as in "cluster nodes minimum requirements") or recommended? I'd also suggest slightly tweaking the wording/articles used: "by using a persistent volume claim (PVC)" and "A PVC is strongly recommended if you have secured clusters with Scanner V4 enabled."
